[Music]
[Music] now these are the people of the province
now these are the people of the province
now these are the people of the province who came back from the captivity of
who came back from the captivity of
who came back from the captivity of those who have been carried away from
those who have been carried away from
those who have been carried away from Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had
Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had
Nebuchadnezzar the king of Babylon had carried away to Babylon and who returned
carried away to Babylon and who returned
carried away to Babylon and who returned to Jerusalem and Judah everyone to his
to Jerusalem and Judah everyone to his
to Jerusalem and Judah everyone to his own City those who came with suribabu
own City those who came with suribabu
own City those who came with suribabu were Jeshua Nehemiah
were Jeshua Nehemiah
were Jeshua Nehemiah Sariah really Mordecai Bilson Mizpah big
Sariah really Mordecai Bilson Mizpah big
Sariah really Mordecai Bilson Mizpah big VI regal and bear the number of the man
VI regal and bear the number of the man
VI regal and bear the number of the man of the people of Israel the people of
of the people of Israel the people of
of the people of Israel the people of pay rush 2,170 to the people of chef
pay rush 2,170 to the people of chef
pay rush 2,170 to the people of chef attire 370 to the people of era 775 the
attire 370 to the people of era 775 the
attire 370 to the people of era 775 the people of pay half Moab of the people of
people of pay half Moab of the people of
people of pay half Moab of the people of Joshua and juror two thousand eight
Joshua and juror two thousand eight
Joshua and juror two thousand eight hundred and twelve the people of Elam
hundred and twelve the people of Elam
hundred and twelve the people of Elam 1254 the people of Zaku 945 the people
1254 the people of Zaku 945 the people
1254 the people of Zaku 945 the people of Zakai 760 the people of vane I 642
of Zakai 760 the people of vane I 642
of Zakai 760 the people of vane I 642 the people of be by 623 the people of
the people of be by 623 the people of
the people of be by 623 the people of asgard 1222 the people of Adonai CIM 666
asgard 1222 the people of Adonai CIM 666
asgard 1222 the people of Adonai CIM 666 the people of big VI 2056 the people of
the people of big VI 2056 the people of
the people of big VI 2056 the people of Ayden's 450 for the people of eita of
Ayden's 450 for the people of eita of
Ayden's 450 for the people of eita of Hezekiah 98
Hezekiah 98
Hezekiah 98 the people of psi 323 the people of
the people of psi 323 the people of
the people of psi 323 the people of Jorah 112 the people of Haitian 223 the
Jorah 112 the people of Haitian 223 the
Jorah 112 the people of Haitian 223 the people of Cuba 95 the people of
people of Cuba 95 the people of
people of Cuba 95 the people of Bethlehem 123 the man of Nieto feh
Bethlehem 123 the man of Nieto feh
Bethlehem 123 the man of Nieto feh 56 the man of Anathoth 128 the people of
56 the man of Anathoth 128 the people of
56 the man of Anathoth 128 the people of as Maeva 42 the people of Kiev Avram ki
as Maeva 42 the people of Kiev Avram ki
as Maeva 42 the people of Kiev Avram ki Farah and PE Roth 743 the people of Rama
Farah and PE Roth 743 the people of Rama
Farah and PE Roth 743 the people of Rama and giba 621 the man of Mick m'as 122
and giba 621 the man of Mick m'as 122
and giba 621 the man of Mick m'as 122 the man of Bethel and AI 223 the people
the man of Bethel and AI 223 the people
the man of Bethel and AI 223 the people of Nebo 52
of Nebo 52
of Nebo 52 the people of mag bish 156 the people of
the people of mag bish 156 the people of
the people of mag bish 156 the people of the other Elam 1254 the people of Haran
the other Elam 1254 the people of Haran
the other Elam 1254 the people of Haran 320 the people of LOD hated and oh no
320 the people of LOD hated and oh no
320 the people of LOD hated and oh no 725
725 the people of Jericho 345 the people of
the people of Jericho 345 the people of
the people of Jericho 345 the people of sanaya 3630 the priests the sons of
sanaya 3630 the priests the sons of
sanaya 3630 the priests the sons of Judea of the house of Joshua 973 the
Judea of the house of Joshua 973 the
Judea of the house of Joshua 973 the sons of Emmer 1052 the sons of pascha
sons of Emmer 1052 the sons of pascha
sons of Emmer 1052 the sons of pascha 1247 the sons of Herod 1017 the Levites
1247 the sons of Herod 1017 the Levites
1247 the sons of Herod 1017 the Levites the sons of Jesse ah and cadmium of the
the sons of Jesse ah and cadmium of the
the sons of Jesse ah and cadmium of the sons of HO devaya 74 the singers the
sons of HO devaya 74 the singers the
sons of HO devaya 74 the singers the sons of SF 128 the sons of the
sons of SF 128 the sons of the
sons of SF 128 the sons of the gatekeepers the sons of shallow the sons
gatekeepers the sons of shallow the sons
gatekeepers the sons of shallow the sons of ATAR the sons of Talman the sons of a
of ATAR the sons of Talman the sons of a
of ATAR the sons of Talman the sons of a Kurd the sons of potato and the sons of
Kurd the sons of potato and the sons of
Kurd the sons of potato and the sons of subir 139 in all the Nephilim the sons
subir 139 in all the Nephilim the sons
subir 139 in all the Nephilim the sons of Zion the sons of a sufer the sons of
of Zion the sons of a sufer the sons of
of Zion the sons of a sufer the sons of tabby the sons of Kiera's
tabby the sons of Kiera's
tabby the sons of Kiera's the sons of saya the sons of Paden the
the sons of saya the sons of Paden the
the sons of saya the sons of Paden the sons of Lebanon the sons of Hagah BER
sons of Lebanon the sons of Hagah BER
sons of Lebanon the sons of Hagah BER the sons of echo the sons of Hagar the
the sons of echo the sons of Hagar the
the sons of echo the sons of Hagar the sons of shale my the sons of Haman the
sons of shale my the sons of Haman the
sons of shale my the sons of Haman the sons of gittel the sons of gay ha the
sons of gittel the sons of gay ha the
sons of gittel the sons of gay ha the sons of reai a' the sons of reason the
sons of reai a' the sons of reason the
sons of reai a' the sons of reason the sons of Nakota the sons of gasm the sons
sons of Nakota the sons of gasm the sons
sons of Nakota the sons of gasm the sons of other the sons of pasilla the sons of
of other the sons of pasilla the sons of
of other the sons of pasilla the sons of BC the sons of ESMA the sons of me unum
BC the sons of ESMA the sons of me unum
BC the sons of ESMA the sons of me unum the sons of nephews him the sons of
the sons of nephews him the sons of
the sons of nephews him the sons of back-back the sons of her Cuba the sons
back-back the sons of her Cuba the sons
back-back the sons of her Cuba the sons of ha ha the sons of Basler the sons of
of ha ha the sons of Basler the sons of
of ha ha the sons of Basler the sons of mijita
mijita
mijita the sons of Hacha the sons of Bacchus
the sons of Hacha the sons of Bacchus
the sons of Hacha the sons of Bacchus the sons of Sisera the sons of tamer the
the sons of Sisera the sons of tamer the
the sons of Sisera the sons of tamer the sons of Mosiah
sons of Mosiah
sons of Mosiah and the sons of a typhoon
and the sons of a typhoon
and the sons of a typhoon the sons of Solomon servants the sons of
the sons of Solomon servants the sons of
the sons of Solomon servants the sons of sutiya the sons of Sephora the sons of
sutiya the sons of Sephora the sons of
sutiya the sons of Sephora the sons of Peru de the sons of jail the sons of
Peru de the sons of jail the sons of
Peru de the sons of jail the sons of darken the sons of Giddha
darken the sons of Giddha
darken the sons of Giddha the sons of Sheva time the sons of Hetal
the sons of Sheva time the sons of Hetal
the sons of Sheva time the sons of Hetal the sons of Parker F of Z Bayon and the
the sons of Parker F of Z Bayon and the
the sons of Parker F of Z Bayon and the sons of a my all the Nephilim and the
sons of a my all the Nephilim and the
sons of a my all the Nephilim and the children of Solomon servants were 392
children of Solomon servants were 392
children of Solomon servants were 392 and these were the ones who came up from
and these were the ones who came up from
and these were the ones who came up from till Mila tell Hacha
till Mila tell Hacha
till Mila tell Hacha Kira Adam and Emma but they could not
Kira Adam and Emma but they could not
Kira Adam and Emma but they could not identify their father's house or their
identify their father's house or their
identify their father's house or their genealogy whether they were of Israel
genealogy whether they were of Israel
genealogy whether they were of Israel the sons of delay are the sons of Tobiah
the sons of delay are the sons of Tobiah
the sons of delay are the sons of Tobiah and the sons of Nakota 652 and of the
and the sons of Nakota 652 and of the
and the sons of Nakota 652 and of the sons of the priests the sons of Hebei
sons of the priests the sons of Hebei
sons of the priests the sons of Hebei the sons of cars and the sons of
the sons of cars and the sons of
the sons of cars and the sons of Barzillai who took a wife of the
Barzillai who took a wife of the
Barzillai who took a wife of the daughters of barzillai the gileadite and
daughters of barzillai the gileadite and
daughters of barzillai the gileadite and was called by their name these sought
was called by their name these sought
was called by their name these sought their listing among those who were
their listing among those who were
their listing among those who were registered by genealogy but they were
registered by genealogy but they were
registered by genealogy but they were not found therefore they were excluded
not found therefore they were excluded
not found therefore they were excluded from the priesthood as defiled and the
from the priesthood as defiled and the
from the priesthood as defiled and the governor said to them that they should
governor said to them that they should
governor said to them that they should not eat of the most holy things till a
not eat of the most holy things till a
not eat of the most holy things till a priest could consult with the Urim and
priest could consult with the Urim and
priest could consult with the Urim and Thummim the whole assembly together was
Thummim the whole assembly together was
Thummim the whole assembly together was forty two thousand three hundred and
forty two thousand three hundred and
forty two thousand three hundred and sixty besides their male and female
sixty besides their male and female
sixty besides their male and female servants of whom there were seven
servants of whom there were seven
servants of whom there were seven thousand three hundred and thirty seven
thousand three hundred and thirty seven
thousand three hundred and thirty seven and they had two hundred men and women
and they had two hundred men and women
and they had two hundred men and women sings their horses were seven hundred
sings their horses were seven hundred
sings their horses were seven hundred and thirty six their mules 245 their
and thirty six their mules 245 their
and thirty six their mules 245 their camels 435
camels 435
camels 435 and their donkeys 6720 some of the heads
and their donkeys 6720 some of the heads
and their donkeys 6720 some of the heads of the father's houses when they came to
of the father's houses when they came to
of the father's houses when they came to the house of the Lord which is in
the house of the Lord which is in
the house of the Lord which is in Jerusalem offered freely for the house
Jerusalem offered freely for the house
Jerusalem offered freely for the house of God to erect it in its place
of God to erect it in its place
of God to erect it in its place according to their ability they gave to
according to their ability they gave to
according to their ability they gave to the Treasury for the work sixty one
the Treasury for the work sixty one
the Treasury for the work sixty one thousand gold drachmas five thousand
thousand gold drachmas five thousand
thousand gold drachmas five thousand miners' of silver and one hundred
miners' of silver and one hundred
miners' of silver and one hundred priestly garments so the priests are the
priestly garments so the priests are the
priestly garments so the priests are the Levites some of the people the singers
Levites some of the people the singers
Levites some of the people the singers the gatekeepers and the Nephilim dwelt
the gatekeepers and the Nephilim dwelt
the gatekeepers and the Nephilim dwelt in their cities and all Israel in their
in their cities and all Israel in their
in their cities and all Israel in their cities